The diff command shows only the differences between two versions. This lets you focus on changes only. Also, since the
changes are displayed side by side then it is easier to see differences and catch errors.

Q2
By having the history of a file, you have a record of what was added or removed. This could show us the process and thinking
that went into the program. Was it made more condensed? Was it expanded? Why? By looking at the history you can
learn from the changes.

Q3 What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having
versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

The pro is that you can choose exactly when you think it is a good time to save, this lowers the number of versions generated
and means each version is something meaningful. The drawback is that a user may forget to save and lose a lot of work.

Automatic saving is good if you are forgetful, but the versions generated might be meaningless or saved at inappropiate times.

Q4 Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, whiles others, like
Google Doc, treat each file separately?

Its probably because if a change in one file impacts something in a related file, you would want those changes to be done
together and saved together as well. Since Google Doc probably doesn't track how files are related, then it needs to treat each file
separately.

Q5 How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log lets you see the history of all the files. You can see the dates, times, as well as the number of changes made. Git diff
is a tool to see the details about the differences between two commits.

Q6 How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Since version control makes it easy to track changes and test changes, it is really easy to just take the risk and break something
since you do not lose the original work.

Q7 Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Saving the status of projects and meaningful changes. Also, I can use Git to work with other people on the same project.
